Update freshness docs (#2927)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/sources.md

$ dbt source freshness
```

> Behind the scenes, dbt uses the freshness properties to construct a `select` query, shown below. You can find this query in the query logs of the database used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the scenes, dbt uses the freshness properties to construct a `select` query, shown below. You can find this query in the query logs. You can find the query logs in dbt Cloud by clicking **Details** on the node in the command drawer. In the CLI, you can find the query logs by running the `dbt --debug run` command. 
```

> Behind the scenes, dbt uses the freshness properties to construct a `select` query, shown below. You can find this query in the query logs. You can find the query logs in dbt Cloud by clicking **Details** on the node in the command drawer. In the CLI, you can find the query logs by running the `dbt --debug run` command. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Behind the scenes, dbt uses the freshness properties to construct a `select` query, shown below. You can find this query in the [query logs](/faqs/runs/checking-logs).
```

Reviewer 2: I could see the relevant query in `logs/dbt.log` -- I think we just need to hyperlink to instructions that describe how to find the logs in dbt Cloud and the CLI.

@mirnawong1 can you help me out by changing the explicit link in my suggestion above into a relative link instead?

### Also
To write those same logs to standard out, I needed to do `dbt --debug  source freshness` rather than `dbt --debug run`. But I don't think we need to describe that here -- it feels sufficiently described in [debug-level logging](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs#debug-level-logging).

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/building-a-dbt-project/snapshot-freshness.png" title="Uh oh! Not everything is as fresh as we'd like!"/>

### Filter

Some databases can have tables where a filter over certain columns are required, in order prevent a full scan of the table, which could be costly. In order to do a freshness check on such tables a `filter` argument can be added to the configuration, e.g. `filter: _etl_loaded_at >= date_sub(current_date(), interval 1 day)`. For the example above, the resulting query would look like

```sql
select
  max(_etl_loaded_at) as max_loaded_at,
  convert_timezone('UTC', current_timestamp()) as snapshotted_at
from raw.jaffle_shop.orders
where _etl_loaded_at >= date_sub(current_date(), interval 1 day)

> ```

Reviewer 2: Nice example @j-svensmark!
